Educators outreach meeting 2019-08-07

* **Attendees**
    * Brian Kardell
    * Laurie Barth
    * TJ Monserrat
    * Jory Burson

* **Agenda and notes:**
    * New Intros
    * Twitter handles:
        * tjmonsi
        * laurieontech
        * briankardell
        * jorydotcom
    * Quick summary of last meeting’s items / progress & direction
        * Top Level Await (Brian)
            * [https://gist.github.com/bkardell/a8f3904c36b646f462c9dbdeac6aae0b](https://gist.github.com/bkardell/a8f3904c36b646f462c9dbdeac6aae0b)
                * TJ - comment: in gist
        * Optional chaining/nullish coalescing (Maya)
            * [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1L6hldfioS-DIzdSv3Ld8aS8WOXFtzJDuLOOfNWMLdmg/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1L6hldfioS-DIzdSv3Ld8aS8WOXFtzJDuLOOfNWMLdmg/edit)
        * Uuid (Johannes)
        * WeakRefs (Jory)
            * [https://mighty-olivine.glitch.me/](https://mighty-olivine.glitch.me/)
                * Feedback: try to think of new example, possibly from a big data context? Ok for it to be a little more complicated.
                * Also possibly moving up the ‘warning’ section to before the code example so it makes it more clear that it’s an advanced feature.
        * Temporal (Tara)
        * Private (Brian)
            * [https://gist.github.com/bkardell/2a28f181301a45a13fde2e64a4241d95](https://gist.github.com/bkardell/2a28f181301a45a13fde2e64a4241d95)
    * How/when/where to post quick chat
        * BK: Do we want to use a kind of 'buddy system' here, where you can volunteer not only to write one but to be a review/co-editor kind of thing so that maybe we can get further/faster with better confidence and maybe these would be more productive?
        * LB/JB: Yes… Can be async too
        * BK: Yes, I meant it mostly async - just a person who you can bounce things off a bit and get some closer attention from.. I'm worried that these are just taking far too long in calendar days, not effort… LIke, how long should one of these take?
        * LB: A week?
        * BK: Right, but these gists are a few months - not because it took that long to write. Don't read too much into what I am saying… Not everyone should do this, people don't have time, they have more advanced idea, that's ok too… I'm suggesting that I'm not sure we have thought about the _process_ part much… How quickly should you be able to move one through reviews and edits, if you have 'stuff'... we should, because it's not really clear to me… when should I feel good about posting, or…? That's why the buddy system proposal?
        * LB/TJ: Definitely lets do that - should we have some more direct means for the group?
        * BK: Like slack or something?
        * LB: Yes
        * BK: I think we want to keep the noise low, so I think the buddy idea was an attempt to kind of manage that… one or two people you can work with more directly like that without noising up the whole channel, then the email is high signal to noise.
        * LB/TJ: Yeah, ok, seems ok
        * BK: Let's try it and see… Anyone want to volunteer for something new?

    * New topics to review / TC39 updates
        *  Stage 3:
            * Optional chaining/nullish coalescing:  still concerns on optional call … they are hoping to move quickly
            * RegExp Match array offsets ([https://github.com/tc39/proposal-regexp-match-indices](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-regexp-match-indices))
        * new stage 2:
            *  [https://github.com/tc39/proposal-promise-any](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-promise-any)
            * [https://github.com/tc39/proposal-iterator-helpers](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-iterator-helpers) 
            * [https://github.com/tc39/proposal-explicit-resource-management](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-explicit-resource-management) 
