Educators outreach meeting 2019-10-10

* **Attendees**
    * Brian
    * Dan
    * Maya
* **Agenda and notes:**
    * New intros
    * Quick recap of what we accomplished (or didn't) this month.  Updates on
        * Private class fields
            * Minor [edits](https://gist.github.com/MayaLekova/1c95e2966644037274096ddb2768df52/revisions), ready for publishing?
        * Optional chaining/nullish coalescing
            * This [explainer](https://v8.dev/features/nullish-coalescing) is longer, should we tweet it?
        * Uuid (Johannes) - no updates
        * WeakRefs (Jory) - no updates
        * Temporal (Tara)
            * There are a bunch of broken links on the temporal module proposal page. I started the post but want to make sure I have all the info. I’ve email one of the champions (Philipp) about it.
            * Another side note, I instinctively wanted to create an issue: ‘Create Introductory Blog Post on Temporal Proposal’, then submit a pull request to have the post reviewed in the [js-outreach-group repo](https://github.com/js-outreach/js-outreach-groups). I know we haven’t been going about it that way. Would anyone be interested in taking that approach? (Tara)
        * RegExp Match array offsets (Brian & Maya) - no updates
        * Iterator Helpers - no updates
        * GlobalThis
            * Rough rough draft [https://dev.to/laurieontech/globalthis-is-coming-to-javascript-4385-temp-slug-2766500?preview=8c93aaf090de00ebf2f63cd5535d6a6d136d3818cde5a35c6ed641cb38ed1240891e496e68490de68663e57828cb6fab1f1b8ccc9468b6cf3371a17c](https://dev.to/laurieontech/globalthis-is-coming-to-javascript-4385-temp-slug-2766500?preview=8c93aaf090de00ebf2f63cd5535d6a6d136d3818cde5a35c6ed641cb38ed1240891e496e68490de68663e57828cb6fab1f1b8ccc9468b6cf3371a17c)
    * Quick/Relevant news from TPAC
	 	* We came up in several contexts, people approached about getting invites - some new ones sent.  We should probably proactively try to get them to come to the first ones
	    * During a breakout session it was suggested that '2 minute standards' is a thing that MDN should include too - the "too much" and lacking high-level overview problem seems real. 
    * TC39 October recap
        * "making object mapping more concise" for stage 1. Stage 1 is tricky to measure support since it's difficult to block stage 1.
        * [Records and Tuples ](https://button.dev/talks/records-and-tuples-tc39-october-2019.pdf)[https://github.com/tc39/proposal-record-tuple](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-record-tuple) stage 1
        * [For-in order ](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1he7vS-Vfi9UH9RSpc3ZQ0tIxCyhprcvdGBNUlrw_OBY/edit)stage 3
        * [Promise.prototype.any](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1mHpRSi1xFJEwuLwN31kRLPBQIpd27EdlAbG4yNakbD0/edit) stage 3
        * [String.prototype.replaceAll](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1OGmV6uVTOEeSYO1nMeLjzflkbRJZ4p9QXlGV8IvDMmU/edit) stage 3
        * Temporal - a lot of things were presented, new ideas, open discussion
        * [Map.upsert](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1n6eii2PYw_6ljFdhsYepcqdqt0voh_QzLjU7hFp8ATE/edit?usp=sharing) (previously Map.insertOrUpdate) stage 2
        * [Declarations in Conditionals](https://github.com/dcrousso/JS-Declarations-in-Conditionals) stage 1
        * [UUID](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-uuid) stage 1 
        * Read only collections stage 1 
    * Editor/pairs/work for next month
    	* Brian will play the editor role, get things posted
    	* Maya will try to begin some examples for the RegExp match array offsets and Brian will try to find time to write more, both are very limited this month.
	    
