
Educators outreach meeting 2019-11-14

* **Attendees**
    * Maya, Tara, Jory, Dan, Dmitry, Ujjwal, Laurie
* **Agenda and notes:**
    * Quick intros!
    * Quick recap of what we accomplished (or didn't) this month.  Updates on
        * Private class fields
            * Maya: This was published from Brian’s website! And [tweeted](https://twitter.com/StandardsIn2Min/status/1187691539360878592)!
        * Optional chaining/nullish coalescing
            * Maya: This was also published, and [tweeted](https://twitter.com/StandardsIn2Min/status/1176145779825795072)!
        * Uuid (Johannes)
        * WeakRefs (Jory)
            * Jory: Going back to the drawing board, working on this. Aim: December. ([https://mighty-olivine.glitch.me/](https://mighty-olivine.glitch.me/))
        * Temporal (Tara)
            * Going to meet up with Philip - Dan & Ujjwal are going to be working on temporal as well.  
            * Encouraged Tara to work on a GH Issue for this
            * Documentation is a bit a mess
        * GlobalThis
            * Rough rough draft [https://dev.to/laurieontech/globalthis-is-coming-to-javascript-4385-temp-slug-2766500?preview=8c93aaf090de00ebf2f63cd5535d6a6d136d3818cde5a35c6ed641cb38ed1240891e496e68490de68663e57828cb6fab1f1b8ccc9468b6cf3371a17c](https://dev.to/laurieontech/globalthis-is-coming-to-javascript-4385-temp-slug-2766500?preview=8c93aaf090de00ebf2f63cd5535d6a6d136d3818cde5a35c6ed641cb38ed1240891e496e68490de68663e57828cb6fab1f1b8ccc9468b6cf3371a17c)
            * Feels too much like a repeat - what can I do that is unique and new?
                * Dan: No, this is great! Way  more readable than the proposal README
        * RegExp Match array offsets (Brian & Maya) - [draft](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sAJGtTqpdrfTJ7YAVcFoIpJt0VWxmRoG6Fq-FC7gHQk/edit#heading=h.f79108mvjl95) with some examples
        * Meta: Can we use the issues in the JS Outreach groups repo to request reviews, etc.
            * YES!
            * File issues in [https://github.com/js-outreach/js-outreach-groups/](https://github.com/js-outreach/js-outreach-groups/) to solicit feedback
            * Scheduling tweets & soliciting new content; provide ourselves as possible content reviewers; curating
            * Should getting review from the proposers be a required step? The group says yes that seems important step
        * [Iterator Helpers](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-iterator-helpers) (we need a volunteer for this - Laurie?) 
            * May go stage 3 in December
    * Other Features?
        * [Atomics.waitAsync](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-atomics-wait-async) - Maya may be interested after RegEx work
        * [Function Implementation Hiding](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-function-implementation-hiding)
        * What about stuff that isn’t as well understood that are already published, should we do those?
            * If we can help people understand it better, we should do that
            * If There’s good content that aleady exists - let’s capture these resources in GH issues
            * Tweet about on some schedule
    * [Tabled] TC39 October recap
        * "making object mapping more concise" for stage 1. Stage 1 is tricky to measure support since it's difficult to block stage 1.
        * [Records and Tuples ](https://button.dev/talks/records-and-tuples-tc39-october-2019.pdf)[https://github.com/tc39/proposal-record-tuple](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-record-tuple) stage 1
        * [For-in order ](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1he7vS-Vfi9UH9RSpc3ZQ0tIxCyhprcvdGBNUlrw_OBY/edit)stage 3
        * [Promise.prototype.any](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1mHpRSi1xFJEwuLwN31kRLPBQIpd27EdlAbG4yNakbD0/edit) stage 3
        * [String.prototype.replaceAll](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1OGmV6uVTOEeSYO1nMeLjzflkbRJZ4p9QXlGV8IvDMmU/edit) stage 3
        * Temporal - a lot of things were presented, new ideas, open discussion
        * [Map.upsert](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1n6eii2PYw_6ljFdhsYepcqdqt0voh_QzLjU7hFp8ATE/edit?usp=sharing) (previously Map.insertOrUpdate) stage 2
        * [Declarations in Conditionals](https://github.com/dcrousso/JS-Declarations-in-Conditionals) stage 1
        * [UUID](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-uuid) stage 1 
        * Read only collections stage 1 
    * Editor/pairs/work for next month
    * Possible future work: TC39 progress newsletters (Dan Ehrenberg's suggestion)
        * Answering the question: What’s the status of X proposal? Where are we in considering this? How is it doing?
        * A newsletter may be more conversational
        * Also we could help with status updates
        * Could we experiment with this after the Dec. meeting? To improve transparency

