June 20, 2019, 20:00 Europe/Madrid

Attendees:

* Daniel Ehrenberg
* Marvin Hagemeister
* Richard Feldman
* Benjamin Coe
* Minko Gechev
* Justin Ridgewell
* Brian Kardell (late)
* Fred Kleuver (late)
* Michel Weststrate (very late)

Agenda and notes:

* TC39 status update: Lots happened in the June meeting:
    * import() and BigInt: Stage 4
    * WeakRefs: Stage 3
    * Top-level await: Stage 3
    * Optional chaining/nullish coalescing: Stage 2, ongoing controversy about ?.(
    * Pipeline: Significant research ongoing
    * Standard library/built-in modules: Standing controversy about split vs unified namespaces
        * MH: What was the controversy?
        * DE: Whether there is a single namespace shared between the web and JavaScript, or separate namespaces
        * JR: And who controls the namespaces
        * MH: That’s a good thing to discuss. I want code to be able to work equally in Node and the browser
        * BC: Not so much about what can go into it, there seems to be agreement on things like UUID.
        * DE: We’ve seen things evolve from being just "Web" to being JavaScript. Do we want people to be using modules namespaces that reflects the history of where they were specified.
        * JR: Some people were afraid that Chrome or Apple would add things to the shared namespace without TC39's permission. I don't share this, as Chrome will add things to the global object anyway. As long as TC39 can say that UUID has to be there, then that's enough for me.
        * BC: I think that was Domenic's view too. Are we police of an abstract namespace? It's not clear what that would mean or why we'd want to do it.
        * BK: I think JR's point was that to some extent, the argument was that this all happens in the global object today and that it's kind of a little better than the status quo because it is opt-in?
        * JR: Browsers and Node already put things on the global namespace. A shared namespace would be maintaining the status quo and making it better for performance
        * MH: It's about first-come, first-serve; that could annoy folks
        * JR: We weren't able to have a good discussion about it because some people were offended by the second presentation
        * BK: Is there a thing that would prevent us from expanding the number of namespaces later?
        * JR: This is a politics issue, not a technical issue
        * BK: Chrome could say that, but their position is weakened if the rest of the world agrees; part of Chrome's approach with a lot of things is to do it and cause pressure. But everyone else can cause pressure on Chrome in the same way.
        * BC: But will the user want to remember, is this an Ecma standard, or a Brotli standard, or… it would be annoying we had to partition things on those grounds.
        * BK: Not suggesting it's superior, or even desirable, but is seems not entirely terrible - in Java or C++, you have different directories, and common things that are core language.
* Discussion topics
    * Microtasks - Fred Kleuver
        * FK: How about prioritization? With time slicing, the prioritization of tasks is a key concept, where interaction events have the highest priority, DOM nodes being added or removed has higher priority than DOM nodes being updated, etc. This may be core for SPA frameworks; it will be in Aurelia, not sure about others. We have a lot of infrastructure around it that we have to build; wondering if it would make sense to be built-in. You could queue a task and pass in a number for the priority?
        * MH: We're always looking at implementing a scheduler because of our size constraints. Scheduling will become more important in the future. We're at a middle ground, but I feel like it will become important in the future.
        * [https://github.com/WICG/main-thread-scheduling](https://github.com/WICG/main-thread-scheduling) - there are some suggestions that MicroTasks could be given some priority order but I'm not sure how that would work because they are FIFO.  I'm wondering how people would use this
        * FK: The scheduling we're doing is rAF, and we measure how long we're taking, and then yield. If there's too much to update, we'll wait until the next frame. If you have one type of work that needs to be done first, it helps to have priorities. I'm not sure about predetermined priorities--if (within the same predetermined priority) one thing needs to come before the other, then that’s a dead end, there's possibilities for edge cases where you would want to have an arbitrary number of priorities. Having a predefined set of priorities doesn’t seem flexible enough. Regarding promises, with our scheduler you can pass in an arbitrary function--not sure what role Promises would play.
        * MH: The biggest fear we would have is that the event system may not be ready in browsers. What if you queue a task and the event already bubbled through. Not sure if the browser API
        * BK: They say they are working with frameworks. Nobody's in touch with them?
        * MH: They are working with the React team. We're not React. Reaching out to them sounds good.
        * DE: Who's interested in following up with an email thread?
        * MH, MG, FK interested; we will have an email thread to figure 
    * Relationship between HTML elements and documents - Adam Bradley
        * Continued from last month
    * Decorators
        * What's the minimal/initial set of built-ins? - Justin Fagnani
    * Expression parsing & evaluation - Justin Fagnani
    * "Protected" properties, avoid property name collisions in classes - Justin Fagnani
    * CSS modules - Guy Bedford [https://github.com/w3c/webcomponents/issues/759](https://github.com/w3c/webcomponents/issues/759)
    * Other module types in general [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1w8jWjD41htD7VxOejFqiHi6uGgHVWtZ_XmgFxgKkS7Q/edit#slide=id.p](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1w8jWjD41htD7VxOejFqiHi6uGgHVWtZ_XmgFxgKkS7Q/edit#slide=id.p) 
        * MH: The JSON one is really interesting. I use it heavily in Node. For HTML, it's hard to decide what to do with it, since HTML has subresources.
        * DE: Some people are looking to Vue for inspriation for HTML modules, where you have a single file that has HTML, CSS and JS
        * MH: Sounds like a good idea, in theory. I haven't seen enough to know if the details work out.
    * JavaScript standard library -- Understanding the controversy and next steps -- covered above
    * Optional Chaining:
	      (dan presents)
        * MH: I am very pro, I like it. It is super awesome
        * MG: We have this in our EL in [angular templates](https://angular.io/guide/template-syntax#the-safe-navigation-operator----and-null-property-paths)
        * MW: I like the idea in general. What again was the potential problem with optionial calling? Why was it proposed to be skipped?
        * DE: (Summarizing [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/12Xtuffo57XSP6lJ4zQ30aHh5LKBYzZxg6cA84gbDLm8/edit#slide=id.g584426ad5f_0_61](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/12Xtuffo57XSP6lJ4zQ30aHh5LKBYzZxg6cA84gbDLm8/edit#slide=id.g584426ad5f_0_61) ):
Optional chaining for functions might make people assume it is also callable, but it is only checking for null / undefined
        * MH,MG,MW: Keep it simple, I like it as a simple consistent null check.
        * DE: Would you keep optional call?
        * MW: I would keep it, seems consistent
        * MH: We have to be careful not to open too many doors. People will write code iwth it; it c
        * FK: I think it'd clean things up if you had optional lifecycle hooks, rather than looking for existence; it'd reduce library size
        * MH: Now you got me!
        * DE: that's an argument for optional call, right?
        * BK: Would you want to check if it's callable?
        * FK: As long as you have a contract where, if you have a lifecycle hook there, then it's callable. If it's not null/undefined and not callable, you sort of do want to throw an error anyway
        * MH: So, a null or undefined operator would work for us too.
        * MH: We could start with null/undefined and loosen it to IsCallable in a later edition
* Next meeting
    * Dan will be on vacation July and August
    * Brian Kardell to run the meeting for these two months
        * Additional "co-chair" volunteers welcome!
        * Please keep putting your discussion topics on the agenda
